now starts the newspaper bus channel
with the following details it is already possible
cycling on the banks of
to increase the benefits of
to the auxiliary environment in
classification of urban transport and
meet a need to reduce
costs
vf features automatic transmission of
six marches for city buses
it is possible to travel by bus and take
bicycle for free
the initiative is the comet company
of road buses serving the
states of sao paulo
January and Parana
a lot of people have always wanted to travel
take the bike to get around and even
even have fun at travel destinations
but this is not always possible because
cost and bureaucracy for the
road transport now
passenger can take at no cost to
the bicycle since you travel in the same
bus free transportation to lonely
for one bicycle per passenger that
It should be taken in the compartment
Used bicycles not used
need an invoice
the initiative came from an idea posted
on the official kite page on facebook
the company decided to bet on the networks
Both Twitter and Facebook do
company are used for the dissemination of
curiosities and also for a
greater approximation between passengers and
aviation
pages are also
promotions vs presents new broadcast
automatic and promises reduction of up to 6%
consumption of diesel as well as lower
emission of pollutants
the first differential that cef says
the new automatic transmission system
for urban buses is that
he has six second marches
manufacturer makes the engine
operates at lower speeds and up to
6% - diesel oil and also pollute less in
previous transmissions
other items in the broadcast also
help save fuel and
increase the safety of operations
one of them is the primary retarder that
can reduce the speed of the bus
up to 4 kilometers per hour without
require nothing from the conventional brake
the system identifies the level of consumption
and force depending on the operation
the test drive performed by cef
computers were connected to the
and showed these features of the
apple life here the sign of the bar
shows that the bus is in the
stretch that requires more strength
already in flat or downhill locations
transmission already identifies a
requirement of the vehicle, which is also
demonstrated on the screen used in the test drive
all this is possible through a system of
transmission called the top of em that
every 10 meters calculates the weight of the
and the topography of the route as
explains the development manager of
cef business
alexandre mackerel program him today
calls in top life and was only able to
The team collected it is a program
single
only that it has the capacity in a period
within a distance of less than 10 meters
check how the topography is taken into account
what is the load the vehicle is and
it does an automatic programming
saying the engine needs more or
less performance need less
performance means he can
consume less fuel than are
more performance it needs a bit of
strength to climb to topography
causing the vehicle before form
efficient and consuming or less or
least possible and intelligent system
communication with the motor and
verification of the vehicle in that
period of 10 meters
he can always be programming
along the way the executive of cf
also said that the market for
automatic transmission for buses has
grown in Brazil even more
context of the needs of
modernization of urban mobility
today we think any
development that is done globally
We think about improving transportation
as a whole, it is not enough to think only of
technology of what Joseph is developing in
benefits that an operator or fleet
own driver, the population and all
people directly and indirectly
related to transport can obtain
through this benefit which are
developed by the companies among them
We can mention the transmission
automatic
today the automatic transmission is
is already made for buses to develop
by bus to urban transport and
Today, he already has the great
Most of its applications that the
urban transport with articulated buses
bi-articulated buses and standard buses
current given in the articulated bus and
thinking already in the set of
brt
you need technology also has
throughout the process.
In this you can see a box
automatic driver he manages to
100% focus on the operation he can
reduce the number of accidents and this
also helps fuel consumption
to show entrepreneurs in the sector of
transport and public managers a new
cef automatic transmission system
traveled with this bus between the months
April and August more than 20 thousand
kilometers in 15 cities of seven
States
despite the growth of the bus fleet
urban automatic
the number is still small with 20% of
total number of vehicles and several businessmen
still have doubts about
cost-effectiveness of systems with
technicians and cláudio lopes de são paulo a
amil bazani did you accompany the newspaper
bus channel
more information you can check on the website